Add information about the labelling of issues/PRs (#5711)
rotki/rotki: docs/contribute.rst

You can also bulk apply formatting changes to all files by running ``make format``

> Labels in PRs and Issues

Reviewer: This should not be here. It should be part of the flow here and made to match this text. 
![2023-03-01_21-13](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1658405/222255195-63b94e00-6047-48ce-b849-b46fd90ef1ce.png)

You set the label to ``ready for final review`` and ping the product owner (at the moment only Lefteris) in discord. The same process as above is repeated until the PR is merged.

> Regarding issues we have different labels but one of them that helps the team to communicate is ``needs FR work`` where ``FR`` means frontend. For issues that need both changes in the backend part and the frontend we let the frontend know by pinging them in discord using ``@rotki-frontend-devs`` but also using this label so they can filter what can be picked by them to close issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Coordination between Teams
--------------------------------------------------------
Once an issue that needs work for both backend and frontend has the backend part done, it needs to be passed over to the frontend team. To do that we let the frontend know by pinging them in discord using ``@rotki-frontend-devs`` but also by using the label "Needs FR work" so they can filter what can be picked by them to close issues.
```
